Sister, it was this trash who offended Mr. Xu
Well, he deserved it.
How could Liu Fan offend Master Xu by taking a shower at home?
Just now?
Mr. Xu and I are having in-depth exchanges on family affairs
Who knew the trash would suddenly break in
What are you still doing here?
Sister Xu Shao is also looking for a hero for our Qiao family
That's hard work
I personally set the rules for this waste
We both know that for your brother-in-law's sake
How could he possibly do such a thing?
You are clearly bullying honest people
Hey sister
You should spend less time with him in the future
It's almost infected by him
I won't tell you.
Xu Shao, let's go
This hotel has already been booked
I'll tell you what.
Today is the rule I made for him
If he does this again
I threw him into the barren mountains to feed the dogs
Xu Shao's even hair is choking enough today
There will be no next time, let's go
Stop for me
It's my problem.
Let him be submitted to you today
The lion doesn't tell you
I don't care how speechless you are outside
But you were housewarming the man who gave birth to me today
Give me an explanation
Sister, are you going to offend Master Xu for this trash?
Qiao will tell you later
I think you are his sister
I'll give you a chance.
But you are useless too.
My brother likes you so much
I will inspect the goods for him today.